Update field-mapping.asciidoc that Epoch format is not supported as dynamic date format (#98338)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/dynamic/field-mapping.asciidoc

--------------------------------------------------
====

[NOTE]
====

> Epoch format is not supported as dynamic date format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Epoch formats (`epoch_millis` and `epoch_second`) are not supported as dynamic date formats.
```

Reviewer: Maybe it's good to explicitly call out the two formats?
